in order to connect a motor it's good to
understand the data sheet that comes
with the motor and how to read a data
sheet is pretty simple you have the
motor dimensions here which will give
you information on the frame size and
the mounting holes it'll also give you
information on the little depth and the
shafts you'll have various ways to
connect the motor one is unipolar you
also have a parallel way of hooking up
the motor end you have a series way and
this is all in the way you actually
connect the wires to the driver you'll
also see in this location the rated
voltage current resistance inductance
holding torque and you'll notice that
unipolar the way it's connected acquires
six volts for normal operation and draws
two amps and will have the holding
torque of 305 ounce inch
however with bipolar you'll get actually
more torque and the way we're going to
be hooking it up with parallel it's
going to be for point 17 volts and we'll
draw two point eight amps however we're
going to be pushing the motor with much
more than four point 17 volts and you'll
also notice that in the series it
requires more voltage so you would have
to have a much larger power supply to to
run it in series mode so that's why
we're going to be running in a parallel
mode it will require less voltage but it
will require more amps to be able to
drive it and this is also consideration
when selecting your power supply is that
if you're going to be setting it up in
series you probably want a much larger
power supply and the drivers would need
to be able to accept much higher voltage
and you'd still be able to get away with
lower current however the drivers would
need to be able to still take much more
voltage and the parallel you're going to
be able to increase the amount of
voltage you'll be able to run the motors
at a higher speed and then in this
section shows you the schematics on how
to wire the different unipolar parallel
and series this is the standard
configuration for the motor and these
are where the wires the colors of the
wires and how they are connected with
the coils in the motor bipolar series
you'll notice that the
blue and red white the ones in the
middle the the wires that are connecting
to different coils are actually wired
together they're connected together and
they're not put into the driver and
bipolar parallel you're taking these
middle wires and you're actually
connecting them to the outer coils so
you'll see that the two inner ones are
connected to say the the red white is
connected to the blue white the blue is
connected to the red the black white is
connected to green white and the green
is connected to the black and then when
you get to that point when you have
let's say the red white is connected to
the blue white that particular wire or
pair of wires go to the A+ same thing
with this one those pair of wires go to
a - you have the black white and green
white those pair go to the B+ and the
green and black that pair goes to the B
- and that's how we're going to be
connecting this particular motor you can
see I have all of these colors
associated with these specifications on
the datasheet so let's start connecting
we're just going to connect this just to
get the motor turning and just to
connect one driver one motor and make
sure the system is working so in the
wiring configuration it states that blue
white and red white which are these two
wires will go to a plus
the next one will be blue to red and
that will go to a -
the next one to be plus will be black
white and green white
you
and the final pair is black to green
okay now they're set up next we're going
to configure the software so we have
pins two and three going to the x-axis
and then we'll see if the motor turns in
Mach three we're going to go to config
ports and pins motor outputs and our Y
and z-axis are going to be disabled for
now step in will be two and the
direction pin will be three make sure to
have step low active set and the step
pork should be one and the direction
pork should be one that's okay and press
reset now I'm going to plug in the
system and see if the motor turns when I
jog the motor you'll notice that you
heard a thump that's a motor engaging
and providing torque so when I press the
left arrow key it should run
looks like it's running clockwise hmm
when I press the right arrow key it's
right in a different direction
so this motor is set up correctly now we
need to set up the dip switches the dip
switches are located or these small
switch is located in a line along this
area here and it's generally read before
we do any changes of the dip switches we
need to unplug the system so we are not
making any changes to the state of the
circuitry while we're on as we can see
on the case of the driver the top part
of the case will show you the micro
steps and then you'll have the current
rating on the other part of the case the
current rating is generally configured
how much the motor will need to draw to
state a particular torque stepping
motors will make 200 steps per
revolution and the micro steps provides
a way to make that stepping much finer
generally I recommend sending it for
1/16 micro stepping for the chain drive
systems or the timing belt systems for
the lead screw systems I generally
recommended 1/4 the sixteenth will
provide enough torque to be able to turn
the motor while on a chain when you get
to the one thirty seconds and the 164th
the torque may be reduced so it's better
to stay a little bit higher than the one
sixty fourth one thirty seconds so in
this case to set the one sixteenth
microstepping we need to set em one at 1
M 2 at one and M 3 at zero and according
to the dip switches it shows the arrow
is down so they're all set to zero so
what we need to do is move one up and
then move the second one up and the
third one should be down since we have
the wires connected in parallel mode
it's fine to set the driver at the
maximum amps which is 3.0 and that is
one one one which is up up up shown here
we're starting with m5 m6 and m7 so take
five six and seven and bring them all up
and now you'll have the driver set 1/16
microstepping and set the driver for 3.0
abs